[CI:DOCS] Fix up example description of podman-export/export commands (#21714)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-import.1.md

## EXAMPLES

> Import the selected tar ball into a new image, specifying the CMD, Entryping and labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import the selected tar ball into a new image, specifying the CMD, ENTRYPOINT and LABEL:
```

db65d991f3bbf7f31ed1064db9a6ced7652e3f8166c4736aa9133dadd3c7acb3
```

> Import the selected tar ball into a new image, specifying the CMD, Entryping and labels:

Reviewer: Same here

Storing signatures
110552350206337183ceadc0bdd646dc356e06514c548b69a8917b4182414b
```

> Import the a new tagged image from stdin in quiet mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import a new tagged image from stdin in quiet mode:
```

db65d991f3bbf7f31ed1064db9a6ced7652e3f8166c4736aa9133dadd3c7acb3
```

> Import a named image from a tarball via a URL:

Reviewer: tarball vs tar ball (above)
